################################################################################
#                                                                              #
#                WOOPS - Web Object Oriented Programming System                #
#                                                                              #
#                               COPYRIGHT NOTICE                               #
#                                                                              #
# Copyright (C) 2009 Jean-David Gadina - www.xs-labs.com                       #
# All rights reserved                                                          #
################################################################################

$Id$

================================================================================
DUAL LICENSING MODEL
================================================================================

    WOOPS is licensed under two licenses: the GNU General Public License (GPL)
- version 3 and a commercial license. This file explains the principle of dual
licensing, and which obligations using the GPL version of WOOPS implies.

    - For the open-source license, see LICENSE-OPENSOURCE.txt
    - For the commercial license, see LICENSE-COMMERCIAL.txt

    For open source projects that are not distributed under the GNU General
Public License (GPL) - version 3 license, FLOSS exceptions are available:

    - For the FLOSS exceptions, see LICENSE-FLOSS-EXCEPTION.txt

1 - Quid Pro Quo
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Dual Licensing is based on the principle of Quid Pro Quo - something for
something. If you, your company or your organization derive commercial benefit
from WOOPS and do not wish to release your complete source code, you are
required to purchase the appropriate number of commercial licenses.

    Alternatively, if you are willing to follow the terms of the GPL (General
Public License) - version 3, WOOPS is available to you under Open Source
licenses which allows you to develop, modify and distribute your software
freely. If you wish to use an open source version of WOOPS, you must contribute
all your source code to the open source community, according to the terms of the
applicable open source license.

    Offering both open source and commercial licenses ensures the availability
of resources for ongoing development and improvement of WOOPS. By purchasing
commercial licenses, you are no longer obligated to publish your source code.

3 - Commercial and open source licenses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    WOOPS Commercial licenses allow customers to develop, use and distribute
their applications under standard commercial terms.

    WOOPS Open Source versions are available under the terms of the GPL
(General Public License) - version 3. The main obligation for software
development under the GPL is that anyone using your WOOPS-based software must
have access to the complete source code, and must be able to modify and
redistribute that software to anyone free of charge.
